hello I had a few tips and
tricks for you only volume in the
approach you can and I hope you know
Not all variants are yet
different ones with incitement and one
couple with his products i have too
I've already tried everything myself
and also tested and I think
for me all works best and
I hope one or the other wants too
be helpful to you and then a lot
fun with the video
in the first variant namely the
smooth valley as close and first I can
my hair first because otherwise
I have no chance at one
length and then just the upper one
Deck hair from my head and the pull
I just go up like national small
lure movement as if I were one
but do not want to be so tight
compete but only a small one
bit and there I think more often
times in the approach over it with that
is strengthened and you see it that way
Small waves cause so small curls
a bit, but they will go later
out again because I would get it out again
and the volume at the beginning only
remains and I find this variant
actually quite good I do that often
But I would not recommend it
as open because it is still hot and
that the hair damages but so off and on
sometimes I find her quite good and me
think the power is also a very nice one
volume and what I want to say something in
all variants are actually like that
Can the each other a bit
build up as you can do it more and more
do
I make the natural variations
Of course it can make it even stronger
if you want and I wonder that I am
always looking to the left in the mirror
because yes because I am in the camera
I can not see why that's why I'm watching
after all
and then we come to the second
Variant and it is with the volume
brother and sometimes I copy myself
my hair at the beginning a bit
if I have it a little bit stronger
like now but sometimes I leave
that too just a little bit of time too
save and then I can get one more
bit of natural result but it
Of course it works very well too
and then you can do that too if you form
a little bit more of the volume of powder
take and at the volume should brother
who in any case take care of something
you do not take too much and first up
the palm job because that is very
it is sticky and the hair then easy
I do not think so nice if you
that's just right in the beginning
Just ran on the palm of your hand
apply and then massage in and me
find the result so very nice
and then my hair came one more time
bit through and then it is too
already finished the third variant knows
probably most of you and
not just my hair upside down
down and I reinforce it then
Again, I just like that
they would be down as well
I was completely when I with one and
Please come again and dry them
also faster and then
probably she just stuck and me
I know you in all directions
and fill it in all directions
simply to increase the volume because
all the more against your whirlwind and
knows the volume of your volume
later and I like this variant
I really like it a lot
often on
king
eat
the fourth variant is very common
alone but also if I am one of the
three others divisible or before
just took this volume
still to reinforce
I'm just very strict
braid and very high up and take one
he found relatively thin hair with me
just not so funny later
delle it, got then that one sees
just had in my head and I let
usually for ten to fifteen minutes
inside and then I do my hair
on them may be familiar with a short
a little bit so that they do not get too wild
confused and that was it then
also already and I find the result
really beautiful and blum then stops
also relatively long always before 13
other variants has therefore taken and
I hope the video has you now
fallen and you could do it all
variants and then to the next